yeah if you feel better after this
motion like the last match so I guess
that's a good thing in that who knows
how fair tomorrow morning but yes so far
so good um Wow it was pretty long I lost
track of the score didn't know at one
point if I was serving or saving or when
we should be changing ends or I was
going on and I would see with all those
challenges in the tiebreakers well it
was you know super exciting and the
crowd was really into it and couldn't
really hear myself think at times
because it was so loud of there but
obviously it was ended up being a record
so I've got another record here at the
US Open which is cool and but yeah it
was a shame but in women to be honest
once I left the cotton well we both left
and got changed and whatever else and
came back and sat down it for some
reason I didn't find it too difficult to
stay mentally strong I knew that if I
was going to have a chance to win a
match I had to do that so it was
basically do it and maybe we don't do it
and more than likely lose so you know I
just came back out and thought about
what I had to do and I guess process
that disappointment well and you know I
thought it okay how am I going to play
this next set and start from scratch all
over again and i think i was able to
bounce back really well and that's
most pleasing thing for me to get out of
that match is just here they come back
from that and you know play well and get
that lead and then really hold on to it
yeah I felt fantastic please first yeah
five games it was I felt like I could
pretty much hit whatever sure I want and
most of them were turning out to be when
it's so obvious I felt fantastic and I
wasn't necessarily expecting that to be
the to go through the rest of the match
and but you know I say it stay positive
and just you know kept going for you
know these last two makes have been
really exciting and with the atmosphere
and the crowd and for whatever reason I
think probably more pumped up the last
two matches them what I've ever been in
my whole life so like it's just the
right of adrenaline playing or learning
I've been so for sure it to bounce back
from my last match to now and feel you
know pretty decent right now I guess is
a good thing and maybe I can take away
you know some experience from what
happened last year and you know decide
what I'm going to do tomorrow not do too
much and really try and use that
experience to my advantage to trying
these best as I can for the next round
five absolutely I'm proud of myself for
getting through these two matches and
you know haven't always been known for
my competitiveness out there to really
fight hard but for it to come out
back-to-back days it's definitely very
rewarding and I know that you know now I
can do it and you want to keep doing it
every single time to step on the court
you